Update GenAI link and video in the getting started page (#21368)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/classic-ml/getting-started/index.mdx

If you're new to MLflow or seeking a refresher on its core functionalities, these
quickstart tutorials here are the perfect starting point. Jump into the tutorial that best suits your needs and get started with MLflow.

## LLMs & Agents Quickstart

> This tutorial focuses on tracing, the most fundamental piece of LLMOps, and guides you to next tutorials for evaluation, prompt management, and more. If you are an AI practitioner looking to build production-ready GenAI applications, start here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial focuses on tracing, the most fundamental piece of LLMOps, and guides you to next tutorials for evaluation, prompt management, and more. If you are an AI practitioner looking to build production-ready agents and LLM applications, start here.
```

(I agree with you, let's get rid of the term GenAI)
